LOS ANGELES —- The Dodgers used their current formula of home runs and good starting and relief pitching to beat the Padres 6-1 on Sunday at Dodger Stadium. This gave them their third straight series win and it also meant a 4-2 start to their ten game homestand.

Walker Buehler did just about everything he could to help the Dodgers win today. He followed up his first seven inning outing against the Colorado Rockies last Monday with another seven innings pitched today.

Buehler matched his career high with eight strikeouts and for the second time this season, he did that while issuing no walks. He did give up a run and four hits but he was never in much trouble.

Buehler also played a role at the plate today too. Buehler led off the third inning with single to center, Chris Taylor followed that by slicing a double down the right-field line. Kiké Hernández then came up and singled home Buehler.

Justin Turner hit a rocket to that Christian Villanueva was able to turn into a double play. Taylor was just able get in before the catcher’s tag to score the second run and give the Dodgers a 2-0 lead.

The Padres would score in the fifth inning, a leadoff double from Freddy Galvis and then a wild pitch put Galvis on third. A sacrifice fly by Raffy Lopen scored Galvis and cut the lead to one run.

The Dodgers got some insurance in the eighth inning when Max Muncy, who had pinch-hit for Hernández earlier in the game, hit a no doubt two-run homer to make it 4-1. A few batters later, Cody Bellinger drilled a line drive two-run homer and the Dodgers led 6-1.

Tony Cingrani had come in to pitch the eighth and aside from the infield single to A.J. Ellis, he left the game unscathed. After the four runs were scored by the Dodgers in the bottom of that inning, Josh Fields came in to finish up the ninth inning for the win.

Up next
The Dodgers will host former Dodger Director of Player Development and now manager Gabe Kapler and his Philadelphia Phillies for four games beginning with a 5:10 p.m. start on Memorial Day. Right-hander Brock Stewart is scheduled to start against right-hander Vince Velasquez.
